STORY-12478 Add developer docs for tts_voice_talent functionality (#311)
Invoca/developer-docs: source/api_documentation/network_integration/tts_prompt_voice/index.rst

> TTS Prompt Voice

Reviewer: According to the [demo thread](https://invoca.slack.com/archives/C02HSAPMRPF/p1668553499796179?thread_ts=1668509160.809169&cid=C02HSAPMRPF), it sounds like Andrew might be suggesting we simplify it to `Prompt Voice` since customers won't be familiar with the term/acronym `TTS`.

Author: Good point. Updated.

======================

For full details on creating and updating campaigns via the API, see :doc:`Advertiser Campaigns <../advertiser_campaigns/index>`.

Manage TTS Prompt Voice for Campaigns
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> TTS prompt voice can be sent for a campaign to use different accents for TTS prompts on a call.

Reviewer: I think something like the following reads better:

```suggestion
A prompt voice can be set on the campaign's IVR to configure the accent used for a campaign's prompts.
```

Set TTS Prompt Voice
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To generate voice prompts using a certain prompt voice for a given campaign, set ``"tts_voice_talent_id"`` on the IVR you want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a particular prompt voice for your campaign, set ``"tts_voice_talent_id"`` on the IVR. See the tables in the **Conditions** section below to determine which prompt voice to use. (Make sure to reference _only_ the table corresponds to the language of your campaign.) 
```

Author: I assumed by `_only_` you meant to italicize, which didn't work when building html so I used `*only*` to give the same effect.

Reviewer: That's correct, thank you!

POST

``https://invoca.net/api/@@CAMPAIGN_FEATURES_API_VERSION/<network_id>/advertisers/<advertiser_id_from_network>/advertiser_campaigns/<advertiser_campaign_id_from_network>.json``

Example Request Body

.. code-block:: json

  {
    "ivr_tree": {
      "tts_voice_talent_id": 3,
      "root": {

>         "node_type": "Connect",

Reviewer: Since we are using `tts_voice_talent_id`, it could be helpful to include a `prompt` field in the example.

Author: Good point. Done.

        "destination_phone_number": "8056173768",
        "destination_country_code": ""
      }
    }
  }

Conditions
~~~~~~~~~~

English voice options
---------------------

.. list-table::
  :widths: 10 10 10 10
  :header-rows: 1
  :class: parameters

>   * - Option

Reviewer: Because the first column is actually the id of the voice, and maps to what the customer will need to use as the `tts_voice_talent_id`, I suggest we rename the column header `Options` to `Id` to make that clear.

Author: Good point. Updated for all 3 places.

    - Voice Name
    - Gender
    - Language code (Country)

  * - 3 (Default)
    - Julie
    - Female
    - en-US (United States)

  * - 7
    - Bridget
    - Female
    - en-UK (United Kingdom)

  * - 8
    - Nicole
    - Female
    - en-AU (Australia)

  * - 9
    - Russell
    - Male
    - en-AU (Australia)

  * - 10
    - Amy
    - Female
    - en-UK (United Kingdom)

  * - 11
    - Emma
    - Female
    - en-UK (United Kingdom)

  * - 12
    - Brian
    - Male
    - en-UK (United Kingdom)

  * - 13
    - Aditi
    - Female
    - en-IN (India)

  * - 14
    - Raveena
    - Female
    - en-IN (India)

  * - 15
    - Joanna
    - Female
    - en-US (United States)

  * - 16
    - Kendra
    - Female
    - en-US (United States)

  * - 17
    - Kimberly
    - Female
    - en-US (United States)

  * - 18
    - Salli
    - Female
    - en-US (United States)

  * - 19
    - Joey
    - Male
    - en-US (United States)

  * - 20
    - Matthew
    - Male
    - en-US (United States)

  * - 21
    - Geraint
    - Male
    - en-UK (United Kingdom)

French voice options
--------------------

.. list-table::
  :widths: 10 10 10 10
  :header-rows: 1
  :class: parameters

>   * - Option

Reviewer: Same comment here

> Because the first column is actually the id of the voice, and maps to what the customer will need to use as the tts_voice_talent_id, I suggest we rename the column header Options to Id to make that clear.

    - Voice Name
    - Gender
    - Language code (Country)

  * - 22
    - Celine
    - Female
    - fr-FR (France)

  * - 23
    - Lea
    - Female
    - fr-FR (France)

  * - 24
    - Mathieu
    - Male
    - fr-FR (France)

  * - 25
    - Chantal
    - Female
    - fr-CA (Canada)

Spanish voice options
---------------------

.. list-table::
  :widths: 10 10 10 10
  :header-rows: 1
  :class: parameters

>   * - Option

Reviewer: Same comment here

> Because the first column is actually the id of the voice, and maps to what the customer will need to use as the tts_voice_talent_id, I suggest we rename the column header Options to Id to make that clear.
